# COMS 4771 COVID Kaggle Competition (Spring 2020)
This is a major class project that will allow you to apply methods you’ve learned about this semester, explore new algorithms, and work on a concrete project relevant to the current coronavirus epidemic. You will have over a month to work on this project, which will be a classification challenge hosted on Kaggle. This project is to be done alone. In this competition, you will attempt to diagnose patients with COVID-19, viral pneumonia, and bacterial pneumonia from images of chest X-rays. Your goal is to develop a multiclass classifier that achieves good weighted categorization accuracy on a set of unseen examples. All data is available on Kaggle and you will submit predictions through Kaggle as well. This document is a general outline of the project, but more specific guidelines can be found on the Kaggle site.   
* You can access the competition at https://www.kaggle.com/t/4104cd43b8814618bb03e8e479393869.   
* The public website is https://www.kaggle.com/c/4771-sp20-covid.

## Competition Details
* Welcome to the COMS 4771 Spring 2020 COVID diagnosis challenge. Given the present impact of the coronavirus on our lives, it made sense to create a challenge with some real-world relevance to the current crisis. In this competition, you will attempt to diagnose patients with COVID-19, viral pneumonia, and bacterial pneumonia from images of chest X-rays. Your goal is to develop a multiclass classifier that achieves good weighted categorization accuracy on a set of unseen examples.  
* Early in the epidemic, physicians were actually diagnosing cases of cornavirus using X-Ray and CT images. You can help them by developing more accurate methods for diagnosing COVID19 from chest X-Rays. Since COVID X-Rays are frequently confused with ordinary pneumonia, you will be asked to perform multi-class classification, distinguishing patients with COVID-19 from those who have viral and bacterial pneumonia or who are healthy.  
* The training data (available on Kaggle) includes 1127 chest xrays drawn from several different sources (of varying size and quality) and a set of multiclass labels indicating whether each patient was healthy or diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia, viral pneumonia, or COVID-19. The test data includes 484 images without labels for which you will provide a diagnosis.  

